README.md, before:

# Sheet To Spotify

Script to take song data from a Google Sheet and input it into a Spotify playlist. Uses Google Sheet's and Spotify's APIs. Originally for internal use at KDVS Davis 90.3 FM with the help of Google Forms and Sheets. Check out the playlists made with this [here](https://kdvs.org/category/kdvs-news/kdevious/).

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

- Python 2.7
- Spotify account
- Google sheet with song data

### Installation

SheetToSpotify runs on Python 2.7. To check which version of python you have on your machine, go to your terminal on MacOSX, command line on Linux, or a bash terminal on Windows and type

`python2 --version`

You can install Python 2.7 from a bash/linux command line, if python 2.7 is not installed already, using

`sudo apt-get install python2.7`

TODO: continue working on installation

## Running Program

TODO: commands and input, format of sheet

## Built With

- [Google Sheets](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/guides/concepts) - Used for taking info from Google Sheets/Forms
- [Spotipy](https://spotipy.readthedocs.io/en/2.9.0/) - lightweight Python library for the Spotify Web API.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/rajsbhatia/SheetToSpotify/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests.

## Authors

- Raj Bhatia - *Initial Work* - [rajsbhatia](www.github.com/rajsbhatia)

## Acknowledgements

- KDVS Davis 90.3 FM; long live freeform Radio!
- Google Sheets API for examples

Commit message:

added beginnings of Windows installation/running for program

README.md, after:

# Sheet To Spotify

Script to take song data from a Google Sheet and input it into a Spotify playlist. Uses Google Sheet's and Spotify's APIs. Originally for internal use at KDVS Davis 90.3 FM with the help of Google Forms and Sheets. Check out the playlists made with this [here](https://kdvs.org/category/kdvs-news/kdevious/).

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

- Python 2.7
- Spotify account
- Google sheet with song data

### Installation

SheetToSpotify runs on Python 2.7. To check which version of python you have on your machine, go to your terminal on MacOSX, command line on Linux, or a bash terminal on Windows and type

`python2 --version`

You can install Python 2.7 from a bash/linux command line, if python 2.7 is not installed already, using

`sudo apt-get install python2.7`

TODO: continue working on installation

## Running Program

### Windows

First you will need the Linux subsystem for Windows. To get this, follow the directions [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10). Ubuntu 16.04 LTS or 18.04 LTS are recommended.

## Built With

- [Google Sheets](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/guides/concepts) - Used for taking info from Google Sheets/Forms
- [Spotipy](https://spotipy.readthedocs.io/en/2.9.0/) - lightweight Python library for the Spotify Web API.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/rajsbhatia/SheetToSpotify/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests.

## Authors

- Raj Bhatia - *Initial Work* - [rajsbhatia](www.github.com/rajsbhatia)

## Acknowledgements

- KDVS Davis 90.3 FM; long live freeform Radio!
- Google Sheets API for examples
